rajjaiswal
==========

Australia defeated Sri Lanka in the Boxing Day Test by an innings and 201 runs to claim the 3-match Test series 2-0 with one Test to go.  After taking a huge first innings lead of 304 runs, Australia wrapped up the Sri Lankan second innings for a meagre 103.  After lunch, Sangakkara looked good for his 27 but he did not bat further as he picked up injury while batting and went to pavilion retired hurt. Once Sangakkara went, Sri Lanka batting again looked fragile and started losing wickets in a heave.  Mathews, who is the top scorer in the Sri Lankan innings, got out on 35. Mitchell Johnson bowled him.  Dhammika Prasad made a quickfire 17 off 17 balls before being removed by Nathan Lyon. Peter Siddle then consumed Eranga for no score. As Prasanna Jayawardene and Chanaka Welegedara were also injured, Sri Lanka had to stop at 103 in their second essay.   ====================================================================================  Trailing 304, Sri Lanka started disastrously. Opener Dimuth Karunaratne was run out in the very first over for 1.  Johnson then consumed another opener Thilakaratne Dilshan in the next ball for a duck.  Debutant Jackson Bird got skipper Mahela Jayawardene off the last ball of the second over for naught.  Bird again struck as he picked up Thilan Samaraweera in the 6th over for just 1.  Sri Lanka at that stage were tottering at 13/4.  Kumar Sangakkara and Angelo Mathews then tried to steady the Lankan ship as the tourists went to lunch at 43/4. At lunch, Sangakkara and Mathews were unbeaten on 22 and 17, respectively.   ====================================================================================  Mitchell Johnson, who was unbeaten on 73 yesterday, remained undefeated on 92 as Sri Lanka bowled Australia out for 460 in the morning session on Day 3. A  ngelo Mthews and Suranga Eranga claimed a wicket each as Australia lost remaining two wickets to add 20 more runs to their overnight score of 440/8.  Australia took a huge first innings lead of 304. 